Task(s)
-------
Reading files does not take a lot of code to work with; however, there are a few things you have to know to work **safely** with files.

```python
file = open('document.txt', 'r')
fileContent = file.readlines()
file.close()

...
```

In the above code example, there are three lines of code for reading from a file.  Let's break it down a little more.  Line 1 is where the file is actually opened.  The file name is "document.txt", and the "r" is to notify Python that we are going to be **reading** from that file.  Now you have a copy of "document.txt" in the variable "file".

Next, we need to actually read the data from the file.  This is where line two comes into play.  "fileContent" is a variable that now holds a _list of strings_, where each line of the file is an individual list item (generated by "file.readlines()").  See the Lists assignments for more details on lists.

Now that we have all of the data in a variable that is holding a list of strings, we can now close the file so that anybody else can access it and use it.  This is where "file.close()" comes in.

That's all there is to reading a file!

Some extra information you are going to need to complete the assignments below are included in the following example:
```python
file = open('document.txt', 'r')
fileContent = file.readlines()
file.close()

mrCount = 0
mrsCount = 0

for line in fileContent:		#"line" variable is the string content of one line of text from the file
	words = line.split(" ")		#NEW: this takes the line of text, and splits it into a list of strings.  It splits it where there is a space.
	for word in words:			#"word" is an individual item in the list of words
		if word == "Mr.":
			mrCount = mrCount + 1
		elif word == "Mrs."
			mrsCount = mrsCount + 1

print "Number of 'Mr.' in the file: " + str(mrCount)
print "Number of 'Mrs.' in the file: " + str(mrsCount)


```

* Create a program that reads in 'macbeth.txt' and counts the number of times the word "Thou" shows up.  Save this file as 'rFiles001.py'.
* Create a program that reads in 'romeoAndJuliet.txt' and counts all the consonants, all the vowels, and all the non-alphabetical characters then displays them.  Use functions to count the vowels, consonants, and non-alphabetical characters.  Save this file as 'rFiles002.py'
* Create a program that reads in 'othello.txt' and counts all the words that **start** with a vowel, all the words that **start** with a consonant, and how may times the period character is within the file.  Create a function to count the words that start with a vowel, and another function to count the words that start with a consonant.  Save this file as 'rFiles003.py'
* Create a program that reads in 'hamlet.txt', and asks the user for a single letter.  Have your program count the number of words that **start** with that letter, and count the number of times that letter is in the file **at all**.  Save this file as 'rFiles004.py'
* Create a program that reads in 'theRepublic.txt' and then displays a menu of options.  Your menu will have 5 choices to choose from: count vowels, count consonants, count non-alpha, count particular letter (then ask for the letter), count word (then ask for word), or exit.  Based on the user's choice, have the computer compute the result, display it to the screen, and then loop around to get a new instruction via the menu again.  If the user chooses exit, have the program end.  Save this file as 'rFiles005.py'
* Create a program that reads in 'theOdyssey.txt' and have it count the number of words that have the **same** start and end character.  For example, the word 'kayak' or 'text' would fall into this category.  Save this file as 'rFiles006.py'
* Create a program that reads in 'illiad.txt' and have it count the number of words that contain **each** letter (do not count the same word twice if it has a letter again.  For example, the word "letter" should count once for L, E, T, and R), count the number of words in the file, and then output the percentage of words that contain **each** particular letter.  For example, if there are 2000 words, of which 1000 contain the letter 'a' your percentage of words is 50%.  See sample output below for an idea of outputting this data.  The total percentage _can_ add up to more than 100% in this case.  Save this file as 'rFiles007.py'

```python

#Example output for rFiles007.py

>>>The total number of words in the document is: 2000
>>>The percentage of words that contain each letter is:
>>>a = 50%
>>>b = 20%
...
>>>z = 5%

```

Submissables
------------
Do **not** submit any of the work from this section.  Your teacher will randomly choose a few programs to evaluate.  There will also be a quiz/test on this section of work to ensure understanding.

Due Date(s)
----------
To be announced in-class as we get closer to completion of the tasks above.
