# &#x1F4D7; Emerging Technologies

## Task(s)

This is a multi-step assignment, take your time to ensure you are completing them properly.



### Task 1 (Emerging Technology)

Choose an [emerging technology](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_emerging_technologies) (first-come-first-served, fill out the Google Sheet provided on Google Classroom).  Ensure that you choose something that relates to computer science in some way.



### Task 2 (Complete Research)

Based on your choice of emerging technology, complete research to determine the following:
* What the emerging technology is and how it works,
* How will the emerging technology **impact societies** (both positively and negatively),
* What **ethical concerns** are generated by the emerging technology (i.e., during creation, once it's in the hands of consumers, etc. will everyone have access, can it be misused, etc., for example: does it exclude, or show bias towards, certain races or socioeconomic groups),
* What **negative environmental effects** it can/will have (i.e., during creation, after creation, upon disposal, etc.). Be specific. Justify your response with research.
* How can the emerging technology help to **reduce** the impact of computers/technology on the environment.

Your research does not have to be submitted as it is not assessed, but have it available if requested.



### Task 3 (Visual Product)

Upon completing research, summarize your information into a **concise visual format**.  For this, we are looking for minimal words, but a more visual representation of the information.  Example products you could create include:
* A website,
* A video,
* An infographic.

If your work has paragraphs of information, then you might want to rethink your work. You _will_ want to organize your work into different sections (i.e., societal impact, ethical concerns, etc.). You will want to use visuals that include _some_ text component, but the text should not be overwhelming. Think something like [this](https://www.spinxdigital.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/Infographic-Example-2.jpg) or [this](https://venngage-wordpress.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/2018/10/web-analytics-report.png), and **not** [this](https://iabse.org/Portals/iabse/Documents/Bulletin/Press%20Release/OPA_2021_SP_Eco%20rubber%20Seismic%20Isolation%20Foundation%20Systems%20A%20Sustainable%20Solution%20for%20the%20New%20Zealand%20Context.pdf?ver=BFFKxm_X9vsZJs8D6q4BOg%3d%3d). These are just basic examples, but the idea is transferable to the other formats if you were to create a website, video, or other format.

Ensure your information is specific and not generalized ideas that could apply to anything.



### Task 4 (Citations)

* Cite your work using APA, MLA, or Chicago format (whichever one you want).  
* Cite all images used.  You can use just hyperlinks for the citing of **images**.
* Your citations can be on a separate webpage, page, or at the end of the video.



## Due Dates and Submission Details

Your teacher will review your work and _might_ present you with follow-up questions based on the content that you submitted.  Be prepared to answer any questions related to your topic, and ensure understanding of all acronyms you use in your work.

Please see the [due dates](./Due-Dates-and-Submission-Details) page for more details on when this is due and how to submit your work.



## Learning Goals and Success Criteria

The [Overarching Learning Goal(s)](./images/ICS3U.jpg) for this include _Digital Scholar_.
The specific Learning Goal(s) for this include:
* We are learning to research and understand emerging technology areas in computer science &#x1F4D7;
* We are learning to promote environmental stewardship and sustainability &#x1F4D7;&#x1F4D7;

| Learning Goal | Success Criteria  | Learning and Improvement Comments |
| ------------- | ----------------- | --------------------------------- |
| &#x1F4D7; | I can research and demonstrate a comprehensive understanding of **what** the emerging technology is. | |
| &#x1F4D7; | I can research and demonstrate a comprehensive understanding of the **societal** impacts of an emerging technology. | |
| &#x1F4D7; | I can research and demonstrate a comprehensive understanding of the **ethical** impacts of an emerging technology. | |
| &#x1F4D7;&#x1F4D7; | I can describe the **negative** effects of the emerging technology on the environment. | |
| &#x1F4D7;&#x1F4D7; | I can identify how the emerging technology chosen can **help to reduce** the impact of computers/technology on the environment. | |
